[IMP] ecommerce: add instructions to enable deferred confirmation emails (#12365)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/ecommerce_management/performance.rst

It is possible to link your Odoo website with :ref:`analytics/plausible` and
:ref:`analytics/google-analytics`.

.. _ecommerce/performance/email_queue:

Email queue optimization
========================

For websites handling flash sales (e.g., event ticket sales) or experiencing high traffic spikes,
order confirmation emails can become a performance bottleneck, potentially slowing down the checkout
process for other customers.

To improve performance, these emails can be queued and processed separately from the order
confirmation flow. This is managed by the :guilabel:`Sales: Send pending emails` scheduled action,
which sends queued emails as soon as possible.

To enable asynchronous email sending:

#. Enable the :doc:`developer mode </applications/general/developer_mode>`.
#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> System Parameters` and set the
   :guilabel:`sale.async_emails` system parameter to `True`.

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions` and enable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Scheduled Actions` and enable the
```
(nitpicking, but we don't include menu section names anymore as it was a bit confusing for people)

   :guilabel:`Sales: Send pending emails` scheduled action.

.. caution::
   Enabling this feature may delay order confirmation and invoice emails by a few minutes. It is

>    recommended only for high-traffic websites, as it can introduce unnecessary delays for eCommerces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   recommended only for high-traffic websites, as it can introduce unnecessary delays for e-commerce
```
- from what I can find online, eCommerce is unaccountable so no plural
- nitpicking but since it's not the app name, I would just write ecommerce or e-commerce (without the capital c)

Author: It sounds odd to me to use "e-commerce" when implying several "e-shops" and not the general concept of online shopping, so I'll go with "e-commerce websites".
